W-15103705-graphql-check-duke (#285)
mulesoft/docs-code-builder: modules/ROOT/pages/tut-graphql-implement-api.adoc

[calloutlist]
.. *Project Name*: `books-implementation`
.. *Project Location*: click *Browse*, and then select your home directory.
.. Search for your *books-api* specification in Exchange by typing `books` and pressing Return to display the results. 
.. In the search results, hover over *books-api*, and click the *Add Asset* button that appears:
+
image::select-books-graphql-api.png[]
. In the *Implement an API Specification* form, click *Create Project*.
. If prompted, trust the authors of the API specification. 
+

> Trusting is required working on the project from the IDE.

Author: ```suggestion
Trusting is required before you can work on the project from the IDE.
```

--
|===
+
Each flow contains configurations for the elements `<graphqlrouter:data-fetcher/>`, `<set-payload/>`, and ` <graphqlrouter:serialize/>`.

> The `<graphql-router:data-fetcher>` element serves as a trigger for af flow. See xref:apikit::apikit-graphql-api-mapping.adoc[] for more information about data fetchers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `<graphql-router:data-fetcher>` element serves as a trigger for a flow. See xref:apikit::apikit-graphql-api-mapping.adoc[] for more information about data fetchers.
```
